Add azure blob storage sink connector docs. (#792)
streamnative/pulsar-io-cloud-storage: docs/azure-blob-storage-sink.md

| `jsonAllowNaN`                        | Boolean | False    | false        | Recognize 'NaN', 'INF', '-INF' as legal floating number values when formatType=`json`. Since JSON specification does not allow such values this is a non-standard feature and disabled by default.                                                                                                                                                                                    |

There are three methods to authenticate with Azure Blob Storage:
1. `azureStorageAccountConnectionString`: This method involves using the Azure Blob Storage connection string for authentication. It's the simplest method as it only requires the connection string.
2. `azureStorageAccountSASToken`: This method uses a Shared Access Signature (SAS) token for the Azure Blob Storage account. When using this method, you must also set the `endpoint`.
3. `azureStorageAccountName` and `azureStorageAccountKey`: This method uses the Azure Blob Storage account name and account key for authentication. Similar to the SAS token method, you must also set the `endpoint` when using this method.

## Advanced features

### Data format types

> Cloud Storage Sink Connector provides multiple output format options, including JSON, Avro, Bytes, or Parquet. The default format is JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Blob Storage Sink Connector provides multiple output format options, including JSON, Avro, Bytes, or Parquet. The default format is JSON.
```

>
> For example, if a message `User` has the following schema:
> ```protobuf
> syntax = "proto3";
> message User {
>  string name = 1;
>  int32 age = 2;
> }
> ```
>
> When `withMetadata` is set to `true`, the connector will write the message `DynamicMessage` with the following schema:
> ```protobuf
> syntax = "proto3";
> message PulsarIOCSCProtobufMessageMetadata {
>  map<string, string> properties = 1;
>  string schema_version = 2;
>  string message_id = 3;
> }
> message User {
>  string name = 1;
>  int32 age = 2;
>  PulsarIOCSCProtobufMessageMetadata __message_metadata__ = 3;
> }
> ```
>
 
 
### Dead-letter topics

To use a dead-letter topic, you need to set `skipFailedMessages` to `false`, and set `--max-redeliver-count` and `--dead-letter-topic` when submit the connector with the `pulsar-admin` CLI tool. For more info about dead-letter topics, see the [Pulsar documentation](https://pulsar.apache.org/docs/en/concepts-messaging/#dead-letter-topic).

> If a message fails to be sent to the Cloud Storage and there is a dead-letter topic, the connector will send the message to the dead-letter topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a message fails to be sent to the Azure Blob Storage and there is a dead-letter topic, the connector will send the message to the dead-letter topic.
```

### Sink flushing only after batchTimeMs elapses

There is a scenario where the sink is only flushing whenever the `batchTimeMs` has elapsed, even though there are many messages waiting to be processed.

> The reason for this is that the sink will only acknowledge messages after they are flushed to cloud storage but the broker stops sending messages when it reaches a certain limit of unacknowledged messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason for this is that the sink will only acknowledge messages after they are flushed to the Azure Blob Storage but the broker stops sending messages when it reaches a certain limit of unacknowledged messages.
```
